Add rollback (w db) steps to upgrade page (#397)
kagent-dev/website: src/app/docs/kagent/operations/upgrade/page.mdx

```bash
kubectl get pods -n kagent
```

## Roll back kagent

If you need to roll back to a previous version after a successful upgrade, use the following steps.

### Rollback compatibility window

> kagent guarantees `n-1` application compatibility with the database: an application at version `n-1` can start against a database schema applied by version `n`. This means that you can roll back the application without manually resetting the database first, as long as you stay within the supported window:

Reviewer: Is there a time we don't support this? I am assuming you can't rollback from 0.9 to 0.8?
```suggestion
As of v0.9, kagent guarantees `n-1` application compatibility with the database: an application at version `n-1` can start against a database schema applied by version `n`. This means that you can roll back the application without manually resetting the database first, as long as you stay within the supported window:
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, 0.9 would be the floor for that backwards compatibility between versions.

- **Supported**: Rolling back one minor version (for example, `v0.10.x` → `v0.9.x`).
- **Requires DB reset first**: Rolling back more than one minor version.

When the controller detects that the database schema is ahead of its own migration files, it starts in compatibility mode and skips migration application. The database schema is left unchanged.

### Steps to roll back

> 1. Save the version you want to roll back to in an environment variable.

Reviewer: because we mention that the kagent v differs from the migration later, maybe clarify here
```suggestion
1. Save the kagent version you want to roll back to in an environment variable.
```

   ```bash
   export ROLLBACK_VERSION=<previous-version>
   ```

2. Roll back the kagent chart.
   ```bash
   helm upgrade kagent oci://ghcr.io/kagent-dev/kagent/helm/kagent \
     --namespace kagent \
     -f values.yaml \
     --version $ROLLBACK_VERSION
   ```

3. Roll back the kagent-crds chart.
   ```bash
   helm upgrade kagent-crds oci://ghcr.io/kagent-dev/kagent/helm/kagent-crds \
     --namespace kagent \
     --version $ROLLBACK_VERSION
   ```

4. Verify that the rollback succeeded.
   ```bash
   kubectl get pods -n kagent
   ```

### Reset the database before rolling back further

> If you need to roll back more than one minor version, you must first reset the database schema to match the target version before rolling back the application. Use `golang-migrate` directly against the target version's migration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to roll back more than one minor kagent version, you must first reset the database schema to match the target version before rolling back the application. Use `golang-migrate` directly against the target version's migration files. Note that these migration files might have a different version number than the kagent version.
```

> 1. Check out the migration files for the target version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check out the migration files for the target kagent version.
```

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kagent-dev/kagent.git
   cd kagent && git checkout v$ROLLBACK_VERSION
   ```

2. Run `golang-migrate` down to the target schema version for each track. You can check the `go/core/pkg/migrations/core/` directory in the target release to find the highest migration version number.
   ```bash
   # Core track
   migrate -path go/core/pkg/migrations/core \
     -database "$DATABASE_URL" \
     goto <target-migration-version>

   # Vector track (if vector features are enabled)
   migrate -path go/core/pkg/migrations/vector \
     -database "$DATABASE_URL" \
     goto <target-vector-migration-version>
   ```

> 3. After the database is at the correct schema version, roll back the kagent application using the steps above.

Reviewer: maybe avoid above. Also which steps does this refer to, the previous H3? 
```suggestion
3. After the database is at the correct schema version, roll back the kagent application by following the steps in the [previous section](#steps-to-roll-back).
```

>    ```

Reviewer 2: I think the steps laid out [here](https://github.com/kagent-dev/kagent/issues/1881#issuecomment-4481638047) are slightly easier and can be combined with this section. For example, I'm not sure you need to checkout the migration files locally if you don't want.

> > **Note**: Database migration version numbers do not correspond directly to kagent release versions. Always check the migration files in the target release to identify the correct target migration version.

Reviewer 2: Can you clarify this? I'm not sure why they wouldn't line up. I believe we use the same versioning for the git tags as we do for the release.

```bash
kubectl get pods -n kagent
```

## Roll back kagent

If you need to roll back to a previous version after a successful upgrade, use the following steps.

### Rollback compatibility window

As of v0.9, kagent guarantees `n-1` application compatibility with the database: an application at version `n-1` can start against a database schema applied by version `n`. This means that you can roll back the application without manually resetting the database first, as long as you stay within the supported window:

- **Supported**: Rolling back one minor version (for example, `v0.10.x` → `v0.9.x`).
- **Requires DB reset first**: Rolling back more than one minor version.

When the controller detects that the database schema is ahead of its own migration files, it starts in compatibility mode and skips migration application. The database schema is left unchanged.

### Steps to roll back

1. Save the kagent version you want to roll back to in an environment variable.
   ```bash

>    export ROLLBACK_VERSION=<previous-version>

Reviewer 2: So there are two versions we care about: the previous version and the lower version we are rolling back to. Let's call them "CURRENT_VERSION" and "PREVIOUS_VERSION".

What needs to happen for a single minor rollback is just that the kagent and kagent-crds charts are moved to the "PREVIOUS_VERSION".

When you go to downgrade the db, you need to use the migration files from the "CURRENT_VERSION" and use the migration file number from the "PREVIOUS_VERSION". So if 0.10.2 releases migrations up to 10 and 0.9.4 was your previous version with migrations up to 8, you would run something like:

```bash
   migrate \
     -source "github://kagent-dev/kagent/go/core/pkg/migrations/core#v0.10.2" \
     -database "$DATABASE_URL?x-migrations-table=schema_migrations" \
     goto 8
```

Author: updated in next section

### Steps to roll back

1. Save the kagent version you want to roll back to in an environment variable.
   ```bash
   export ROLLBACK_VERSION=<previous-version>
   ```

2. Roll back the kagent chart.
   ```bash
   helm upgrade kagent oci://ghcr.io/kagent-dev/kagent/helm/kagent \
     --namespace kagent \
     -f values.yaml \
     --version $ROLLBACK_VERSION
   ```

3. Roll back the kagent-crds chart.
   ```bash
   helm upgrade kagent-crds oci://ghcr.io/kagent-dev/kagent/helm/kagent-crds \
     --namespace kagent \
     --version $ROLLBACK_VERSION
   ```

4. Verify that the rollback succeeded.
   ```bash
   kubectl get pods -n kagent
   ```

### Reset the database before rolling back further

If you need to roll back more than one minor kagent version, you must first reset the database schema to match the target version before rolling back the application. Use `golang-migrate` directly against the migration files.

The source must be the current (newer) version that you are rolling back from, because it contains the down migrations needed to reverse the schema changes. The `goto` target is the highest migration sequence number present in the version that you are rolling back to.

> For example, if you are rolling back from `v0.10.2` (migrations up to `10`) to `v0.9.4` (migrations up to `8`), you use the `v0.10.2` source and `goto 8`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we ground this in a real example if we are doing it in the docs

Reviewer 2: So let's say you go back from 0.9.7 to 0.9.6 (where 0.9.7 added migration 5 to the core track).

You would have `goto 4` in that case.

<img width="1904" height="811" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9bad6350-ed0d-4404-a6aa-0fc96468e3df" />

1. Save your current kagent version in an environment variable.
   ```bash
   export CURRENT_VERSION=<current-version>
   ```

2. Install [`golang-migrate`](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/tree/master/cmd/migrate).

3. Stop the kagent controller.
   ```bash
   kubectl -n kagent scale deploy/kagent-controller --replicas=0
   ```

> 4. Reset the core track. The `github://` source references the migration files directly from the release tag without a local checkout. Replace `<rollback-migration-version>` with the highest migration sequence number in the `go/core/pkg/migrations/core/` directory of your target (rollback) release, which you can browse at `https://github.com/kagent-dev/kagent/tree/v<target-version>/go/core/pkg/migrations/core/`. For the database connection string, see [Database configuration](/docs/kagent/operations/operational-considerations#database-configuration).

Reviewer 2: For something like: `https://github.com/kagent-dev/kagent/tree/v<target-version>/go/core/pkg/migrations/core/`, would it be better to put the rollback version ("target version") in step 1's export as an env var and reference it here?

So something like:

```bash
export CURRENT_VERSION=<current-version>
export ROLLBACK_VERSION=<previous-version>
```

Then use it in the step's text with: `https://github.com/kagent-dev/kagent/tree/v${ROLLBACK_VERSION}/go/core/pkg/migrations/core/`

I feel like it is clearer to provide env vars instead of something like `<rollback-migration-version>` or `<target-version>` in general, but maybe that's just me. I think it probably matters more in the bash blocks, but just a suggestion.

- **Supported**: Rolling back one minor version (for example, `v0.10.x` → `v0.9.x`).
- **Requires DB reset first**: Rolling back more than one minor version.

When the controller detects that the database schema is ahead of its own migration files, it starts in compatibility mode and skips migration application. The database schema is left unchanged.

### Steps to roll back

1. Save the kagent version you want to roll back to in an environment variable.
   ```bash
   export ROLLBACK_VERSION=<previous-version>
   ```

2. Roll back the kagent chart.
   ```bash
   helm upgrade kagent oci://ghcr.io/kagent-dev/kagent/helm/kagent \
     --namespace kagent \
     -f values.yaml \
     --version $ROLLBACK_VERSION
   ```

3. Roll back the kagent-crds chart.
   ```bash
   helm upgrade kagent-crds oci://ghcr.io/kagent-dev/kagent/helm/kagent-crds \
     --namespace kagent \
     --version $ROLLBACK_VERSION
   ```

4. Verify that the rollback succeeded.
   ```bash
   kubectl get pods -n kagent
   ```

### Reset the database before rolling back further

> If you need to roll back more than one minor kagent version, you must first reset the database schema to match the target version before rolling back the application. Use `golang-migrate` directly against the migration files.

Reviewer 2: One more thing, you need to roll back one minor at a time and there might be data loss going more than one minor back as our approach is backwards compatibility of one minor version back.

Author: Added in a note on 133 and in the original desc on 94

The source must be the current (newer) version that you are rolling back from, because it contains the down migrations needed to reverse the schema changes. The `goto` target is the highest migration sequence number present in the version that you are rolling back to.

> For example, `v0.9.9` has migrations up to `000005_a2a_protocol_version.up.sql` and `v0.9.3` has migrations up to `000004_feedback_single_pk.up.sql`. To roll back from `v0.9.9` to `v0.9.3`, you set `CURRENT_VERSION=0.9.9`, `ROLLBACK_VERSION=0.9.3`, and run `goto 4`.

Author: I changed this to a real set of versions but just fyi since this is only available in 0.9.x and later, but 0.10.x isnt actually released yet, i cant show a minor-version rollback yet from 0.10.x to 0.9.x - lmk if that isnt alright

Reviewer: maybe a hint why it's `goto 4`
```suggestion
For example, `v0.9.9` has migrations up to `000005_a2a_protocol_version.up.sql` and `v0.9.3` has migrations up to `000004_feedback_single_pk.up.sql`. To roll back from `v0.9.9` to `v0.9.3`, you set `CURRENT_VERSION=0.9.9`, `ROLLBACK_VERSION=0.9.3`, and run `goto 4` because you want to go back to migration sequence 4 (v0.9.3's `000004`).
```

#### Option 2: Run down migrations

Use `golang-migrate` to run down migrations one minor version at a time. This preserves data written after the snapshot but requires more steps.

The source must be the current (newer) version that you are rolling back from, because it contains the down migrations needed to reverse the schema changes. The `goto` target is the highest migration sequence number present in the version that you are rolling back to.

For example, `v0.9.9` has migrations up to `000005_a2a_protocol_version.up.sql` and `v0.9.3` has migrations up to `000004_feedback_single_pk.up.sql`. To roll back from `v0.9.9` to `v0.9.3`, you set `CURRENT_VERSION=0.9.9`, `ROLLBACK_VERSION=0.9.3`, and run `goto 4`.

1. Save your current kagent version and the kagent version you want to roll back to in environment variables.
   ```bash
   export CURRENT_VERSION=<current-version>
   export ROLLBACK_VERSION=<previous-version>
   ```

2. Install [`golang-migrate`](https://github.com/golang-migrate/migrate/tree/master/cmd/migrate).

3. Stop the kagent controller.
   ```bash
   kubectl -n kagent scale deploy/kagent-controller --replicas=0
   ```

> 4. Open the core migration directory for your rollback version and save the sequence number of the highest-numbered file in an environment variable.

Reviewer: maybe a hint, if this is the same number as the `goto` previously I'm assuming?
```suggestion
4. Open the core migration directory for your rollback version and save the sequence number of the highest-numbered file in an environment variable, such as `4` from the previous v0.9.3 `goto 4` example.
```
